I'm ready my name is Bailey and this is
my boy Ethan you enjoying the breeze
boss dog I've lived a lot of lives
there's a lot of different dogs but I
always found my way back to Ethan cow
that isn't getting any easier that is
getting it easier
this is CJ the greatest new addition to
our pack hmm there's nothing in that Cup
I love mornings with our granddaughter
so did I mostly because she gave me
bacon
do you ever taking a bath with filthy
dog just ever define Oh CJ's mom wants
to play too
or not pretty soon CJ had to move away
let us don't rewind up I wanted to chase
the car but I just didn't have the
energy
[Music]
so much when you come back take care of
CJ she needs you like I needed you and
then it happened I was a puppy again and
CJ was my new purpose she was a gigantic
baby now
it fit you hope to be the authority lie
down
what is she saying no idea CJ I have a
date tonight again
I could always tell when my girl needed
me when you
as soon as I can I'm getting out of here
then I moved to New York City wait I
smell my boy even it's me really thank
you
what makes you think you can just show
up like this we want to see our
granddaughter please
you just keep taking care CJ Oh big dog
you didn't get up for anything no matter
how many lives it took I would come
there for CJ oh hello where did you come
from like he chose you things don't
always turn out as we plan but sometimes
the surprises are the best part like a
drum baby don't stop bleeding
where's lucky don't know about that dog
I don't have all the answers
but I know we end up where we're meant
to be like a drum my heart never stops
beating for
you
[Music]